feat: [CDS-97030]: update release notes for delegate hotfix 82904 (#6787)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

## May 2024

### Version 24.05.82904 <!--  May 21, 2024 -->

#### Hotfix

> - Tanzu Steps will resolve the PCF CLI Plugins path checking also HOME environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tanzu steps will resolve the PCF CLI plugins path by checking the `HOME` environment variable. (CDS-95794, ZD-61882)
```
